y'all ever get into a fight with your
wife yo ya religious people you know the
worst fights we ever have is in the car
on the way to church you ever notice
that man and then the biggest lies that
are ever told her in the church lobby
how you doing great Karen your wife
doing great you know I don't know what
it is you're on your way to church and
then the firecracker goes off in your
car and you're yelling in your screaming
and your heart and then you hit the
church for a lot and then the car is
like I swear to god I'm gonna kill every
single one of you no I swear I've got a
gun in the trunk I'll kill you all hey
are you and then you go in the lobby and
yell law has gone great would be great
if you could just say do you really want
to know anything like oh no I don't know
I'm gonna go volunteer for children's
ministry I I think it's about time I
take or go isn't you know people don't
want to be around you if they say hey
I'm gonna go volunteer for children's
ministry
would that be great if you said do you
really want to know and they said yeah I
did reluctant well I just had the
biggest fight with my wife I don't know
what happened we're in the car and I
said some things that I shouldn't have
said and I can't believe the things that
came out of my mouth and she's still
sitting in the car in the parking lot
weeping over what I said would you
please go out and minister to her I've
got to go preach